This is how to use Positron's layout to make your data science life easier.
When you're working with data, keeping track of your variables, plots, and outputs can
get messy fast.
Positron was built with that in mind.
Here's how its layout helps you stay organized.
First when you open up Positron, you'll notice there's three main areas.
There's the script pane.
This is where you'll write your code.
There's the console pane, where you'll access the terminal and see results and errors.
And then there's the side panes.
This is where things get really useful for your data workflows.
This will give you a live view of your data frames and variables, their types and shapes,
and quick summary you can click into.
You can literally click on a data frame variable and it will open up a spreadsheet-style viewer.
Then there's a pane for visualizations.
When you run a plot command with matplotlib, seaborn, or plotly, the chart will pop up
in the plots tab of the output pane.
You can scroll, zoom, and even export it with one click.
Instead of bouncing between your code editor, a browser, a terminal, and a jupyter tab,
Positron gives you a clean layout for writing and running your code, real-time view of your
variables and charts, and built-in tools for interactivity and visualizations.
Make sure you leave any questions in the comments below and follow along for more content like
this.